we are sure
we find ourselves among other practitioners
does this compromise between her separation she I try something
between the street and the Hollywood glamor planet 51
it's something pretty traditional title for its almost
badly in vercors these have canceled
a Qatari essay
it's cathy mixes current shell of nature protection every year
that's what I write first because this morning
so like that
when I learned that
what did you hear the most about today had started
in Corsican the 15 years with it is that all this a little because or thanks to your
great grandmother who was still of this world it's sacred we're not in
haiti a village
The union
which is in northern india
but the Corsican David Petraeus
eller and then every year there is a lot of current at the tennis union
and so my grandmother want my opinion
you want me to participate
because otherwise it's not done these have refused a kind
pretension
lvmh advance but to go through ok everyone participated
the feet of dollars
change of life has changed
the city reported
the French had been assigned to what we wrote that but I
immediately accepted
my grandmother at the restaurant
so jacques all this in a year in a year the teams out the ol who you
have dedicated what with the very very well done the sound
without complacency
to avoid myself by studiocanal excuse me I'm not a fan of
cigar maker to run in a smoker so I'll have to make
an effort
and then there are plenty of people here linden trees that says what I saw
nice things about you people that is not necessarily me
2 insignificant who especially hurts I stay with this sentence of saint laurent
someone with whom you have taken place
as for his privileged coach who says happy to his late cap
it is a bag by a beauty that does not exist what is a beauty that
do not exist me I see concretely beautiful fcpe amnesty
no but actually what was he talking about maybe
it was someone extremely here someone who knows
extremely political so 8%
orange does not take off what to sebha
speedy passage
first degree
more than four levels
of what he likes to draw is also can have in his head precisely the
dvd it's about everyone's sand universe
2010 his idea of ​​the woman
which is very sad that he specified
he talks about the community help relationship
almost like a love affair yes it's true mory who is involved
I mean it's poetic told me besides that he was doing drawings where
he drew with me
and he said I do not see the end so that at the end of the parade in the end I
want it to look like it's a kissing couple and where I'm going
raise the room like that with the hat and guyana by my side so
it was really a real staging
who is delegated enough about each 0
photographer director accessories in which one has to
it's transformed the test
no 2010 herman he photographed by bus the first
instructions
that's for sure, the point was he was asked how much
the 102 of two cultures to learn
today you have planted a little bit of that thirst or that
suitable for continuous bleeding
I am happy
the time was past
in 24 hours its north face of london no
and while you're busy because it's true that for that there's plenty
jokes of bonds
in a day as a leader on housewives
xu youyu for roles
why strengthens the means
finally out we do not know
opposite not so important for mom it's mostly half-time
but on things that
who who fed retina risen to be the army
sometimes too short too short
first of all any case I was at the bomb exploded because again on the
places
they know that they will usually find you a little bit I have
not at all
before we pick you up at banco
we discover you said best located on a beach eligible you
say to study it
of a bomb exploding we are witnessing that something that I
found in the world
yesterday the English countryside
it is true that today
note that I was bored
good wauquiez
otherwise 2010 puts on sale by kind of well-known actor says you're
loans
very rock n roll
but I will have the proof
it's a small gift for you 'stone will be killed in the egg
it's coming out it's the best of all
robbie williams
on the scene
who can through through his career
and oh well then you are
because in the eyes I want to be shot by the purists because what
what is the republier soul is stronger than you me I saw on stage
I think
nevertheless if ever ever exactly say a ballet of paschal habitat
I think that
appreciated one but that's for sure that if
thank you very much it's great one last thing while you had to
to leave
for alan jones sophie for 100 m
you said recently that you do not regret seeing your finite more
last year tic
it's about giving
size
high mountains -